Hello, everyone.
So I hope that you all have went through that introduction part pretty well and now must be wondering
that how actually that application is going to work.
So in this part, we have had to look how actually things are going to work and what are the functionalities
to be attached to by making this application?
What are the features that should be kept in mind before the creation of the programming section that
be we have to put up so in the programming section, according to the other things which are already
in our mind, like we have to make a call for the order, for the size, for the practice and for the
speed, for the avid speed and for the elapsed time and remaining time as well.
And last but not the least, the status bar is going to show the actual status of the download file
taking place.
Also, we are having buttons as boards and as you can see on clear, and these buttons also contain
some functionalities within them.
So we have to also like put the pinks according to these buttons, like how on selecting a specific
column was read Zoom, cancel and clear is going to work.
So this is like opening window off the application.
Once you click on the icon of the application, this window will open Title Bar containing our download
manager, logo head and also in the taskbar upload download arrow.
What is the icon of this application we are going to make today?
And secondly, our final text is showing in the title bar as well, so our files are going to be downloaded
with the help of this download manager.
So, yes, a file download manager, we can also say this this is the third row like we can see that
the second row after the title role.
So this is containing input text when we can enter any text from our keyboard and add download button
is like placed placed side device to the input tax free where the link is to be pasted.
Now after this, we are having a downloads column like we can see that this is the download table.
The table model is displayed once they will start like downloading anything, we can see that yes,
it is actually looking like a table with some rows and several columns.
So let's try to like grab a link from the web and try downloading it from our download manager.
So suppose like, OK, so opening any random read if.
And copying the link of that Rebif and then switching back to our download manager and pasting the link
in that input text field.
OK, so yes, here we are.
We have pasted a link with the tape.
You are going to roll off.
This link is for, I think, a Java tutorial.
So, yes, now we will hit this add download and see what happens.
OK, so that download has started, it is working perfectly fine had the other column is showing that
you already have pasted had and it is like vanished from and now displaying that this are column of
the table.
The size of the file is five and the remaining time is like zero or as nothing is like to be waited
for.
The total time to top for this download is twenty four seconds.
OK, so that status is complete.
Let's try pasting the link again in order to study things.
OK, so initially we have 48 seconds in the remaining text and now, OK, so these are adding.
Status is showing.
Download now.
Let this writer selected this column and force in order to like study things.
It is downloading so fast.
OK, so one thing you have to keep in mind that you will have to like switch on the network, connection
off your system.
Like check if you have correctly connected your system to internet in order to like, check this download
mind as it is working so.
Sometimes we do not connect to the internet and then try to download something.
Then things are not going to be fine.
OK, so in the progress, this bar is showing 53 percent completed and the download is fast right now.
We have our remaining time of 18 seconds and less time, 14 seconds, and the average speed is different
in both the columns.
So I have already told you that they network bandwidth to me.
That vary according to like a different time.
We have different speeds off the internet.
OK, so for the same size, we are having different data speeds.
OK, so this is the speed at the current instant.
And this is the average speed.
Now let's try to resume this download.
So we have resumed this.
Now it is again showing downloads.
Now let's try to again cancel this, OK?
So we have cancelled this download and the status now is showing cancel.
So we have a total of 21 second elapsed, and then we cancel this download now after canceling a new
download.
Suppose we want to clear this from the role which we are like, suppose I have selected this and I want
to clear this role from the table now, not table.
So after the selecting the color changes of that specific role, initially the color is right now.
The color is like a light blue color showing that this column is selected.
So on, think this clear?
OK, so that specific column is not.
That specific role is the second line which was in download.
So now that we have completed one download now, let us try to download something else.
Oh, OK, so we have downloaded this data yourself in 21 days an introduction.
Suppose we want to download this book.
So copying the link and again, trying to paste?
Initially, we have faced the same links in order to check how actually pausing anything works.
So again, we are trying to pester someone differently.
And again, this is containing DTP.
You are in control.
So now I'm hitting that download button.
The download has started again.
This is a five megabyte set, and you can see that download speed is very fast.
It is downloaded in just five seconds, so you can see the difference.
Like I said earlier, the average speed jumps to four times, so you can like, analyze everything over
on this download manager.
You can analyze the average speed of a specific download.
You can analyze the total time elapsed and thus, according to this size, it's is so simple.
Let us try to download a big file.
So let us see that we can find a big file or not.
So, OK, so this is a big look, I think.
Let us try to copy this link and try pasting the check, whether it works or not.
Soyuz who thing on this ad down?
Again, this is up at City Bureau Control, but that is some error.
So OK.
So if a link has some bugs attached to it, then automatically the status bar will show error.
So we have like opened up on that feature of this download manager that if a link is like some broken
or 90, then the status of ensure that a message that OK, so we can download this file as there are
some errors.
So let us try downloading something else.
So Castle opening this PDA file.
And.
Let's check whether this locks are 9:00 hour again, it shows there.
OK, so this started downloading.
The south side is five point six megabytes, and again, we have a different download speed so far three
downloads, we have three different.
Like the average speed and speed cable.
So the time elapsed is also different, almost the same size file.
But the time difference is unlike not comparable ones we have.
So OK, so we have to be complete status downloads and error state test download.
Fine.
So let's try to again clear the.
Down and out of one side.
OK, so we have near the end of one side now you can see that we have a table like structure with potatoes
and one two three four five six eight columns.
So we have veto then eight columns and basically direct table structure.
So in order to like start the programming section of this project, we have to analyze that to avoid
that action required in order to.
Start making this project, OK, so what are the things to be kept in mind before creation of this application?
The first thing to be kept in mind is that we have to like, create the new project.
And I be.
After that, it may have to start creating the classes that are required inside the application.
So I think we will need to like let us start one by one.
So that means creating the main class and we can name the main class anyway.
But this class is going to be responsible for testing and learning of the application.
So yes, no testing and learning of the application is going to be handled with the help of this mean
class.
Now what part concern should be to like?
Yes, we had our progress.
So create a class.
For progress, we have already discussed that approach six to like five to six columns in the table.
I like linking it to each other, so everything is linked to the prognosis and things are going to be
valid according to the percentage displayed in the progress line below.
So we have to create a creative class for the promise of Indigo.
Then the next concern is to create a like good, stable middle class, so create a stable model.
So we are creating a table, basically.
So table model Class four table model, so class party room model.
And inside this class, the things that are going to be like, combine accordingly are how the model
is going to be looked, how many columns are going to be placed inside the table and how the links are
to be rendered one by one.
Once we like to hit on that download button, the role will be added with a new download, meaning whether
it is in for progress or fast or like complete, or that it may be entered also so that you're always
going to be like occupied one by one.
Once you hit that download button with a link every time, again and again, things are going to be
added in.
OK, so our next concern should be like.
Yes, we have created them in class.
We have created the progress renderer and we are done with their download.
They will also like table model also.
Now we have to add one more class for the rest of the columns, like see what we have left the size
thing, the status thing and the time thing.
So the fourth class is going to cover all the things about that time status changing and like, what
is the next thing?
OK, so size.
So we are going to make a class for handling the functions, methods, objects off balance data, center
size, class size columns.
OK, so we are going to handle all the columns in our separate class, in our separate class.
So, OK, so this is all about the working of this project that we are going to meet now in the next
part is done the programming section.
So I'll see you in the next five.